Work on infrastructure (#14)
nipreps/fmripost-aroma: docs/usage.rst

.. include:: links.rst

.. _Usage :

Usage Notes
===========
.. warning::

>    As of *fMRIPost-AROMA* 1.0.12, the software includes a tracking system
>    to report usage statistics and errors. Users can opt-out using
>    the ``--notrack`` command line argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *fMRIPost-AROMA* includes a tracking system to report usage statistics and errors
   for debugging and grant reporting purposes.
   Users can opt-out using the ``--notrack`` command line argument.
```
